Y
hello diego yesterday is how are you waiting
how cool I guess you will have seen
this underwater intro medium surf was
from the beginning and you will ask yourself
it will come because it had already been
saying by social networks and well
is that today we bring you a tutorial
very special beauty I do what I wear
thinking weeks how to do it and it's a
tutorial of surfer waves that is the
this hairstyle like that you just came out
from the beach you are super cool california
sos have a boyfriend but as barmaid
Well today I will explain how
get these waves effect like without
effort that is a hairstyle that is very
fashionable lately like for example the
joke lucky that you see that it is in the
beach and all divine but in reality
has a hairdressing team of I do not know
how many people behind well today I'm going
to teach how to get this effect without
have a hairdressing team and at home
and I'm going to use the wave products
Surfer 13 m sure you
you have seen everywhere is the brand
of shampoo that I have used in
last four years in particular this the
moisturizing is the shampoo that does not
took off in years is the only
conditioner that you give me tangles my hair
really and now the good news is
I 'm going to start working with 3m
I am very happy because they will arrive
very cool things from the hand of 3m and
you will see and today I will show you how to get
those waves your spheres at home though
have the fine, straight hair that is like that
more boring and without living in Hawaii or in
california so let's go there
it's worth it right now I just washed
hair with waves shampoo
imperfect that is a shampoo that does not
has silicones and what I have now is
wet hair I dried it a bit with
the dryer but not quite and I'm going to
Apply the surfer waves spray little
little by strands
so then apply it well on everything
by the tips you have to apply it from
the root and this spray what it does is
provide texture the hair but also
give it a lot of volume and make the wave
welcome is the body as we end
to leave the beach and if you have hair
wavy or a little more mouldable what
can do is throw them after the
try the surfer waves you get it out
directly with a diffuser tonces in
this better I already have the product thrown
what I'm going to do is divide it into two and
I'm going to twist it on itself
and now these two strands that I have
twisted I'm going to roll them up like this
themselves and I subject it with a
hairpin well so you see how it looks I'm going to
continue with the rest of the hair
you see that I am doing
enough bows because I have my hair
especially fine but most
queries you will not have this problem
simply to make three bows one
here and another here and another click buns
normal and dry them with the dryer
you can get this effect but I do not
I'm doing a little more work
so that the waves remain longer
checked
and in this case I'm going to dry it with the
dryer because I have to finish
record the video and to accelerate it a
little but you can also let it dry
then all day or if you want to go to
sleep with this as long as you
Place in a way that is comfortable for
sleep
the last step is to take some of the
lacquer for surpassed waves so that you
stay perfect and endure
and well that's how the effect of
the surf huts I think is
rather more as if I had thus the
Natural hair that does not when I do it
with the tongs that is also a
effect that I like that is more polished
but I do not know this for the summer I think
as more natural and more fun to
carry and above all is the fact of who
It does not take heat and we can do it every
day if we want and I leave you in the
last images of what I recorded in the
beach underwater my attempt at surfing
because the truth is that in Barcelone
There are waves but I really wanted to take
a surfboard in this video because
I think I wanted perfect and about
I want to thank Juan Carlos
that is my surfer friend who has done
possible also this video and that has
helped to record it I leave you with these
images I hope you liked the
tutorial and see you in the next video
ah